Children, today Yaoyao's mother got married
Are you happy?
Do you want to see Yaoyao's mother in a wedding dress later?
Well, let's have the bride and groom with a big round of applause. Wow
Yaoyao's mother looks beautiful in her wedding dress
Beautiful
Okay, from today onwards
Except for Yangyang's mother, you have
And Lin Feng's father
unhappy
Have fun. Okay.
Applause
Little flowers together
Miss Xia welcomes you to our wedding
I didn't expect you to come
You invited me?
Of course I'm here to celebrate
This is a gift for you.
I wish you a unhappy wedding.
Summer and Autumn
I know you have a big opinion of me in our divorce
But it's over
It's time to let go
I want to let him go
Unfortunately, something happened again
No matter what happens, I will look for all my wives
That doesn't change it.
Not necessarily now
You'd better take a look at the gift I gave you first.